Oh Quinn, I couldn't hear you. You might be like very quiet in your thing.
2 "Sharp, Quinn" (1585312768)
Got my airpods in right now. Give me one sec.
3 "Sharp, Quinn" (1585312768)
I mean I.
4 "Lee, Isaac" (2003550464)
Yeah, I can hear you better though. Alright cool. Yeah.
5 "Sharp, Quinn" (1585312768)
Sorry, I was very focused on trying to finish this Fox problem.
6 "Lee, Isaac" (2003550464)
Oh yeah, very much.
7 "Sharp, Quinn" (1585312768)
I still have NO idea how to do two of the questions alright so do we want to get started?
8 "Lee, Isaac" (2003550464)
Yeah sure if you're talking.
9 "Ashrita" (1341445632)
No, NO, I'm just I'm just unmuted.
10 "Lee, Isaac" (2003550464)
Yeah, ok. Nevermind. So your like outline was going.
11 "Ashrita" (1341445632)
Oh, I don't know. Alright, whatever.
12 "Lee, Isaac" (2003550464)
I can start 1st, I guess. I've just been working on the contact page, it's in kind of the same state that I showed you guys, it like send, it can send an email to like this thing I'm using to catch it locally, but I haven't been able to make it like send to an actual email account.
13 "Swaroop S" (846700032)
I'm working on the tagging system still. I've got it to display the tags and you can like select them on both the listing page and the form page. I just need to get them like, I guess connected via the database and.
14 "Swaroop S" (846700032)
That should be it. After that I'll probably work on the search bar, so you could just like search for items and not be probably done all of this by Friday, I think. I should be.
15 "Sharp, Quinn" (1585312768)
I've started to work on the.
16 "Sharp, Quinn" (1585312768)
EHP for editing the pages, I haven't uploaded anything so yeah I don't know if we'll have it done by Friday, but I should have it done by Sunday.
17 "Ashrita" (1341445632)
Okay, for me, I'm still working on the form to be more specific and have more options for the user to input, and then also after that I'm gonna try to figure out the, the favorites feature and do you guys know, do you wanna do like a liked items or like favorited items, like how do you wanna call it? Does it really matter.
18 "Swaroop S" (846700032)
It doesn't matter, save like the whole purpose of it is just to like click an item and it saves and then it just populates on a different page so you can see like what you.
19 "Ashrita" (1341445632)
Right. Okay, so I'm gonna try to figure that out too.
20 "Lee, Isaac" (2003550464)
Alright, sounds like we're in a decent spot, we all know what we're doing.
21 "Swaroop S" (846700032)
Do we know what naive is doing?
22 "Sharp, Quinn" (1585312768)
Will it reassign to them?
23 "Swaroop S" (846700032)
I have NO idea.
24 "Sharp, Quinn" (1585312768)
I don't know, check the, check the issues tab.
25 "Swaroop S" (846700032)
The thing is I assigned those to him. I don't know if he actually knows.
26 "Sharp, Quinn" (1585312768)
You know, surely, surely he does.
27 "Lee, Isaac" (2003550464)
It says that he should fix the navigation bar. I guess it's that thing where like it always shows the like market to be the one so.
28 "Swaroop S" (846700032)
It's fine. I'll DM him later. Alright.
29 "Ashrita" (1341445632)
Okay.
30 "Swaroop S" (846700032)
That's it. Okay I'll see you guys, I guess that if we're done.
31 "Ashrita" (1341445632)
Yeah, bye.